[Music]
before we see the next song the
next song is that the beavers are
very angry with the v you bears they are here
today what a stench
what a stench that estelada what a stench
kiss my gorgeous
no
drake out
good good night everyone coming
from the fairy how are you well break out
is a guy that I know who just
uploaded a video about turbo plan I
saw the whole plan video more or less
superficially but well I don't think the
same as him entirely either because I
'm not very well informed about the beat bears thing
but let's watch the youtube video
bears well it wouldn't be exactly one go see
us I don't know yet but well
let's watch the video let's watch the
video
and such they know how to plant a little I'm
not going to talk exactly
we were talking about prison and we have
a graduate here in prison
listen to me let's watch the video drive out
sells products on facebook and instagram
when you open your online store with
badges the e-commerce platform where there
is like the title has been said that
go this would be a beat  verne
this would be one to see or not it would not be
considered one of your rights the video I will
go straight to the point turbo plan is a
youtuber known for copying the scripts
of others and for making hundreds of videos
the wind and kirk and dallas in addition to
that he is also known for defaming
silver resulting in that they almost
filed a complaint against him and as it seems that
this seems to him
until the kid has not lied either
no no no no no no no no no that no that I do not
do
vtv because he is not a kid that a
youtuber who does not show his face and is
virtually
successful it is known to the youth see pauli
because you talk to me for a joke nonsense if you
are here in the chat
that you think you are privileged or something like that
is when it is a 3d character
performing in some way I said little because I have
made a video in which he calls encouragement and
more youtubers from being explicit content
for minors so they masturbate so
well I am going to go point by point to
upload
well for minors taca taca or for
everyone also
health and a little turbo plan with him with  the
video things
responding to each of the nonsense
that no I'm not going to take down a colleague's work
but don't hold anything
against him but but dude he looks a
little he said the new fashion the new
trend what sells the most
right now in the entertainment world and I think
this the blond no
this is the blond foot of the river if they are
characters but they don't even use it and naron
listen to me family there
look at you
what a little murky part
sometimes they are because there are some that
sexualize them the avatar for example
I don't remember so that in thumbnail for
a thumbnail of these of some
news until several uploading searched
avoided seeing v you but I don't remember some of that why are we
not going to so that the
video was for one of the news this
that I do the thumbnails are so tacky and
in one of the thumbnails maco pneumonia
vtv lolita
knows what one reads it not to admit
that I have been investigating the subject for a few days
because I honestly didn't have a [ __ ]
idea the only thing I knew about youtubers
is what many of you know not what I talked
about silver  not the subject of the ene efe
tests but we didn't even talk about what
the v to verse were in itself we talked more about the
scam issue is about the
nfc it's a good thing that turbo plan has been
investigating the subject for days I can't
imagine the nonsense he would have said if he had
n't opened it in the browser be
sincerely I hope that this time he didn't
steal the script from another channel because
starting the video and proceeding to
advertise the video in which he
defamed silver and what you do and that there is
a complaint well the truth
sincerely is not very intelligent that
only the complaint will fall on me vi truth I mean I
am the one who says the least nonsense
well some some not but the people who
report me receive worse things
on the other hand no nothing of breakout I
come here to hear you pronounce
English badly do your thing
breakout already I have already hardened myself
a lot in the language veronica a
huge kiss thank you very much for your super
chat
listen to me family
because they sue me
literally only then these people turbo plan
call people scammers and a lot of
nonsense they never eat the lawsuit
and  it's that precisely the people who have
wanted to denounce me have always
received much worse insults from other
people.
I think they have me like I don't know
if it's all growing up, no, you see it's
because it has an audience that supports it
behind it and I honestly don't understand it, I
mean, I don't understand how there are people who
can like this type of content the
only explanation that occurs to me is
that there are many very young children who at a
very early age start to give
what is known as the mandanga yes to
the mandanga of the right ball and well I
say children to put it in some way
because some are not so children you don't know they
are people I think that generally they like to
touch their right ball
while they watch these dolls and
hear them speak apparently turbo they don't
understand
but it's a style of youth see what
happens that as if
the subject of an avatar has evolved a lot but for
example an avatar
rick the editor of my lordship the one who
meditates the videos riglos engineering that you
all know the storage room of read
to me he has the style like this well he
also has a v had an omen
but rip
today for example I saw a  your video with the
sticker I like the stickers
that you upload more but of course they
exist for a live you can't because
if you want to edit it you understand
then it's another style dude it's as if
the author instead of simply putting the
voice and the gameplay well here next to
the screen a doll appeared moving its
mouth with a girl you hear that
suddenly it occurred to him by a sticker to
a style to decorate it so that it looks
more maybe there are people it has always been
said it has always been said that when
you go out on camera
[Music]
like people follow you more that you gain
more subscribers when you go out on camera
than when you don't because people
feel more relationship with you feel
closer well maybe something like that happens through vtv I
don't know it's better let's put
one see you see that they don't put anything I
don't know why the reviled
liberators do not understand that they are
normal people who are using an
avatar they do not understand that a
normal streamer and an uber beat are the same thing, I mean,
having a camera or having an avatar
does not change anything so you can
enjoy their content the same as that of
a normal streamer to give a position  it's
different targarona the content is the
same or it makes you play or
chat or whatever the content is
the same look at vegetal or vegetal does not
come out it is true
visit anything
sometimes
the attempt to appear on camera we talked
I think you can count with the
fingers of both hands and feet the
times well on one hand the house or on
both hands the house old age mess is on
screen this because according to every time you have to
look for a photo of vegeta to
put in the thumbnail novel that I wanted to
always put the same one he only
thinks about the vi tu bears as content
for children to masturbate and that
adults have
pedophile behavior and all this he says while
putting an image of a child as if to
want to emphasize that cheer up because
only they see it for that reason I do not know the
truth if you enjoy this type of
content it seems very good to me I respect it
but I know my opinion is that this
content is for children or for people who
like children it is clear that turbo
plan seeks to do harm with this video
because his opinion is that he respects the
people who consume this content but if  you
consume it you are a child to a pedophile
after this because he gives examples from
youtube that according to him they act like
girls like corones and others
that have the highest voice but of
course he puts these examples on purpose to
reinforce his argument he does not put other
virtues like callo or mori calliope who
have deep voices he does not put exactly what
he wants to hear and what he wants
people to see because if he puts other cases
obviously the argument falls apart because it makes
no sense what's more after
this he puts water because eye actor in case you do
n't know it is that channel that has
pitu bears that if they speak Spanish very badly
because it is because they do not speak in Spanish, in other words they
are only trying to read in a
forced way a script this is not exactly
what turbo says this is that
specifically this company makes its
girls try to speak Spanish to
justify putting the titles in
Spanish get followers in Spanish
that they get in the end because of that
advertising that appears to
everyone below the videos and then their
videos and such are all in hub what
mail done
what the hell is this you
know 5 I have not done I do not know what I have
done
abidal a uploaded the video star of os seriously
the brain I'm going to is here today until
7 in the morning
air to air when are you going to look for me the
transition or I accept it
no no I have not
fallen for the bait it was not uploaded by that
channel that has pitu bears who if they
speak Spanish very badly because they do not
speak Spanish or in other words they are only
trying to read with the management of long
island or louis to be exactly what
we have behind this is that specifically
this company does that it is a chip in
some of entering Spanish to
justify that they put the titles in
Spanish get followers in Spanish
that they get in the end because of that
advertising that appears to
everyone below the videos and then their
videos and such are all in Japanese and
their live shows are in Japanese except for
some that try to do a live show in
Spanish or that speak more Spanish all
are in Japanese because the strategy of
this company is to get followers in
Spanish because it is easier and then
stand out in the Japanese public stand out
in a market that is [ __ ] difficult
for them because the biggest companies
on youtube are there but
this has no place or sense in
association with the issue of pedophilia  what
turbo is saying is more coincidentally
all these girls that he is putting
are Japanese because the
Japanese stereotype is more on the cute side
but the Latino stereotype if you put
courage and put in an area they have
nothing to do with it it is both the challenge of
throwing insults they are more rude they are
as she is herself they are not a character
forced to that stereotype so within
the little that could be somewhat right
talking about the subject of an actor as he
generalizes so much and does not even inform himself about
the subject because all this
together makes his argument have
no sense and is simply an
attack against the vi to bears so that
later he links him in quotes and they
give him more reproductions what he is
looking for is that the great thing is that in
80% of the cases the person
inside may not be you with that
intention like that it was one that they
were and no longer
behind the youtuber avatar is a man I do
not know where they get the data from their
investigation to know that 80%
of the videos are really men
most likely he said a
random number too high to look good but
at least what I've seen is all I
want is that the majority are
girls because among other things
a while ago most of the kings and
artists made female characters
only in fact the character that I
made when this was newer has more
feminine features because girls didn't
even know how to draw men because
the tutorials that
existed at that time were also very different and how
the avatars were more masculine than the
feminine ones that were the norm and were the
thing in which they could pass but
well this takes advantage of it to make fun of
a beat or see that apparently has a
clear modulator because mockery is the
easiest way for him to ensure
his argument and for people to laugh at
what he has said not all the meta of
youtube was not being a gamer girl when
wind iger who was squeezing it although
then the blond tournament happened and
things got messed up but we see the fact is
that win was squeezing it day well
doing of a gamer girl not that
he likes video games a lot with him or
you that I don't know that I don't know which whenever I  They were
talking about how Turbo Plan only knows how to
talk about Wind and that it was a joke, of course I
believed it until I saw that
literally most of the vices on
his channel are from Windy and that in a video
that has nothing to do with it, he brought out
Wind and as an easy argument to laugh
at her and that's how you can dislike how much you
want to dislike Wind and Turbo, you
can't spend your whole life referring
to it and making fun of it, every time you have
the chance, thousands and thousands of channels
making kawaii sounds making
strange sounds breaking eardrums, this
seems sincerely strong to me, he complains
that according to him, SVYT is versed in
explicit content and strange noises and he
just gives examples of Vito websites over 18, I
mean, look, he could search for channels but
what a coincidence that he searches for those over
18 to complain about them, I mean, this is
equivalent to going through Hub and
complaining that there is porn, let's see
Turbo Plan, I know what you want, put
anything that agrees with you but
in this way you are manipulating your
audience to believe you because
anyone who knows these
channels knows that  They have
adult content warnings everywhere so it
's obvious that they will make that content if you
had looked for youtubers that don't have
this it's clear that it is common
but of course you don't want to inform yourself on the
subject whoever is there and Trump and you
can
see it could be whoever it is not like he
avoided seeing and it could
only be about video games not these people so that
your followers think that all
criticism even selling it as adult and that
then gives you more reason what I
find most regrettable about all this is that there have
even emerged companies,
professional companies that create ub your verse is
as if it were literally a robot writes
looking for music without copyright
present challenge they discover more the plane
in ink and only from it
this is a company has been
made a company that creates you that
the avatar I go I tell a hub johnny
veira vtv
and that is what makes me
or rather that this company is dedicated to
creating avatars no
and right now everything is so
commercialized that companies create
the youtubers and they create the
osa personality just as there are
personalities that are also clones
of each other that it is seen that  They are super
artificial and mind you I'm not saying this for all
the juventud bears, not youtube bears,
who have a
unique charisma, I'm saying this for channels that are coming
out now from Chinese companies I saw tubert
who have never spoken Spanish in their
lives, you can see that they are reading
google translate literally and they make
videos speaking Spanish with
robotic personalities, I mean
literally, you see it and it's [ __ ]
regrettable, like I've already answered
before. I'm going to be brief again, use
examples of actors because again,
since they only have those examples, because there aren't any
other sites, they just put the same ones,
that's what I mentioned before,
this company just makes it so that quickly, to
paulista, to maule, creation, to the
Japanese bikai to stop, from lepe to paula, to the
abyss, have thought, see how from the
campo group when so many Italians
to take these people into this, in
fact, in all this time, as I
mentioned before, I've only seen water for
doing it, if you go to julio live, you go to
niang and they are all free, they all make their
content, it has its own personality and
even if you go to a more indie company,
as I wanted, everything is lower. Thank you very much, they
are not even a stereotype.  of girl hugo nor
under no no they are normal people who
use an avatar to be themselves and
this but of course again turbo has not
investigated that has no idea so he
just talks a lot but without saying
anything well I know that they are going to smoke me
anyway because the vtv community is
a very special and very toxic community
not these I know that in this video I am going to
have a lot of comments from people
especially from many children insulting me
for messing with the ubeto community see
as I said before
the video has always reached me when they talk about haters
of any type of communities they
are always children I
don't think he had a plan I do it with bad
intentions I think he thinks like that
look what I'm telling you he knows perfectly well
why he is making this video here it
reaches the population that he reaches to
call the community everyone and from all over the
world as well as from everything possible
so that they respond to him and he receives
reproductions for turbo it is not possible for them to
respond to an opinion he does not
think that an opinion should be
responded to when the reality is that if
an opinion is wrong an opinion is
wrong the normal thing is that they snatch it away
but within the community although there is
very charismatic and very good creators there are
also others who use their
character simply to literally sexualize it
and market it from
this and on top of that their content is poor and it's
not that it's poor it's just
[ __ ] regrettable and no longer
regrettable dare sincerely for
people who are screwed up in the head dare
people who are bad bad and you are
here if you searched with but bad and you are
content over 18 what did you expect to find
family friendly content because there are
people who are crazy and
we can't blame for example the
big two bears big not like for
example the case of ni mu which is the
biggest uber bit in Spanish although
well it must also be said that the troll
or what did ni mu do a week ago was
a little bit a little regrettable then she
does that [ __ ] it was a little well the
truth regrettable for the child tournament
it was regrettable on the coast already what they are like that
the majority of their audience is
there because well because they touch their
right nut a little it doesn't cause me a
little bit of qualms it's because it has a tone
but I
assure you in her video that she had never
absolutely never sexualized
her  character and that these and the moto speech
finally screwed up not a word or no what he said
is completely false me and took advantage of this
only fan issue no that it is nothing more
than sexualizing to advertise
no then to do this tournament that well
in the end is taking advantage of that a little bit
not what you yourself have said that you were not going
to do nor that you have never done well
here there has been such a long fragment
that I am going to summarize what turbo plan says that
the exception cases are channels like
denim but then proceeds to call the
lamentable for the troll or what he did in his
debut and continues saying that his entire
audience is there to masturbate with
his content because of course for turbo
plants and she does not sexualize very well
but now she does a tournament in which she does
not put anything sexualizing herself but this
date is royalty
if it is done
without cesc real or same coll or after
complaining that jordi while the
accused with the pe issue of the whole roll
of that not a word took and they are click bay
sexualizing the avatar okay put his feet put
the thighs of the avatar zaher as if he
had  created some live and with the doll
using a page like the fans even though I'm
not going to post anything because it's already
lamentable courage and not only courage but
people who see it and with what I
mentioned before and this because turbo of no
people have gotten 90 thousand
viewers but out of curiosity
what the hell was it that he was going to put out he
understands me he says that no yes very few
people how about you find very
shady messages about people who are totally
obsessed and who have
psychological problems and psychiatric problems
for example this message that you see here
this is one of the strongest parts of
this video because it is one of the ones that he
uses as a main argument and it is that he
starts reading a supposed confession towards
a habit see and it turns out that these posts
supposedly forums have come from some
meme accounts on Facebook and Reddit in
fact there is no usual one called
cargo and the closest thing is that there is
a girl called cargo who created her
account after this post because this
post is a meme created in a
meme account but well as he has not
even bothered to look if
a regular one exists  called that because it uses it
as the main argument to throw more
[ __ ] the subject you go to the top of
sentences the top of the super chat on
twitch and most of them are v you see are
eagle
20 their hanger t
if they are super chat they can't be from tweets
if they are super chat
if I am their hanger do not become tristone
from youtube not
vtv and to finish as the last argument
of the video turbo plan lies he says that
this is the top of super chats of tweets
but there is a detail a small thing
that turbo has left out the super chats
are not from tweets they are from youtube these
girls extreme and on youtube and the reason why they
are the first is because they have no
competition if you notice there is a
pattern that is repeated in almost all of them are
vi your verse mostly from jol live
on it is angie this is because japan
which is where these companies come from
youtube is the largest
streaming platform since they hardly use tweets
so they have no competition since
the rest of the people are in tweets if we
compare this data with that of tweets
the largest city of the super  Charlotte we
all know we
are not youtubers we know on the platform
that we work day they would disappear from the
top because obviously if they are the
only ones that use that and they
feed off each other they will
be at the top but now if you put them
in the world top they will not be but
well as usual for turbo plan
getting informed is not an option and
surely when they get several yoga
again for the town or simply
make a video saying no one
answered me in the worst possible way
even if I have only done a tweed or
said a phrase because of course that gives
him enough to make a
16 minute video so nothing this has been
all it is fatal it is
fatal let's
see I had seen it quickly and asked for
an account of things but it is not so convenient
what it was that he said not a word
2 that's why
my sandwich
but
before they were [ __ ] man well you have to
put the [ __ ] talk back it's
amazing let's see guys we are going to
touch on this subject that we could have
touched on yesterday but well you study nothing grows he has
had problems with a lot they
notified me in Milan and mu le ajar it was
precisely this guy who spoke to him that
we have seen  The video told me that the
tailcoat turbo plan had made a
video for me and since I didn't know him I dissolved
because I thought it was a normal video
hahaha
[Laughs]
I mean, this guy is talking to guys
like Drake Court, what the
hell
and the video but it's not that bad, turbo
[ __ ]
[Music]